% MSE iNaturalist Excercise

# MSE iNaturalist Excercise

Hi there! Thanks for checking this webpage. It was great fun teaching
you (or your kid) on the recent Anial Math and Science expedition. 

As part of learning some botany, we did an excecise at three of the
sites that involved taking macro photos of plants we found with a plan
to upload them to an international biodiversity observation project
called [iNaturalist](https://inaturalist.org/). “iNat” has become the
main tool for capturing amateur and professional observations of
plants and animals that can help scientists understand how
biodiversity is distributed around the globe.  Here in Alaska, we
started in 2016 a sub-project in iNat called ‘Plants and Fungi of
Alaska’ which now has over XXXXX observations, which you can see
[here](XXXX). Most of the observations are on the Alaska road and
ferry systems, with very few from smaller communities, and even fewer
from remote areas of the Alaskan bush. We thought that getting kids to
take pictures of plants on the MSE and later upload them to iNat would
be a great way to involve kids in a real science project _and_ to
create precious data about plant distributions in Alaska; plants in
general are shifting northwards as climate change warms the land, but
we do not yet have enough data to track particular species.

So if you, or your kid, are interested in helping out with this
exciting scientific project, read on...!  (This uploading exercise is
_totally optional_ and will not reflect in any way on you; we
understrand that finding time and bandwidth will be a challenge for
many of you.)

## 1. Get your photos

At three of the sites, during our botany class, I leant the students
some digital cameras. Before they took any plant photos, I asked them
to take a picture of their names in their notebooks, or their faces,
so I would know who the pics belonged to. I’ve now looked at all the
pics and put them in folders, one for each plant taken by a named
studeny at a known site.  The folders are in a online drive (a Google
Drive).  

Working on a laptop or desktop computer will be easier that trying to
do this on a tablet of phone.

Please:

 1. Visit the [online drive](XXXX), find your images, and download
    your photos to your computer’s Desktop.  Put them in a folder with
    the same name as the folder they were in on the



## 2. Create an account on iNat

## 3. Upload your photos



